Add documentation for tracing SDK (#15541)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/docs/tracing/index.mdx

MLflow Tracing is production ready. Read [Production Tracing](/tracing/production) for the guidance to use it for monitoring models in production and various backend options.

:::tip

>     When using MLflow Tracing in production environment, we recommend using the [Lightweight Tracing SDK](/tracing/minimal-sdk) (`mlflow-tracing`) that is optimized for reducing the footprint and dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When using MLflow Tracing in a production environment, we recommend using the [Lightweight Tracing SDK](/tracing/minimal-sdk) (`mlflow-tracing`) that is optimized for reducing the total installation size and minimizing the set of dependencies.
```
